Mr. Song found it
Go ahead.
What about a celebration party?
What kind of celebration party is that?
You also put on me who knows you.
What? Who knows me?
I don't know.
You have a 70-year-old grandmother, right?
He is delivering wine and tea to us.
You said it was tea
Not to mention drinking medicine
Okay, I said I said the night of the celebration party
Someone to support me
Let me call the guy over there
Send a bowl of sober soup
And give me 50,000 bucks
What does it look like?
The man is very thin and tall.
What's your name?
I don't know.
Mr. Song
OK
Did you ask anyone out for the holidays? What's the matter?
I found some clues here.
Someone did get me drunk that night
Just don't know if they're after you
Or at me?